Okay.
So congratulations on making it to the end of the course and to the end of our job search project.
I'm really proud of what we built here together.
This course was a lot of fun to make and our job search app feels like a great modern front end project.
We used a lot of fun technologies.
We used view view ax view router view, test, utils, typescript, just tailwinds, RSS and more.
And there's so many different places that you can go from here knowing all the knowledge that you now
possess.
You can explore various view component libraries, you can explore various view testing, libraries,
etc. There's a whole bunch of different parts of the view ecosystem that are still yet to be explored
by you, and I'm really excited for you as you continue on your view journey, so I hope you've learned
a ton and enjoyed your time here.
Congratulations once again and I hope to see you in another course soon.